It's you, what else do you want to do?
Jiangcheng Guardian Shi Liukun meets the owner
Yangmen West Lake to meet the owner
Meet the owner
You know the subordinate
The transformation of our temples is today
Already made the owner sit down and run the dog
What happened today
The next sin will die
You go to investigate my daughter Yaya
reactive
Humble and smart
Write it, don't make a humble sentence
Stinky word god
Subordinate from Japan in Jiangcheng
Set out to establish Hengyuan Group
Conductor Today Mr. Xie Yiyi
The transfer contract
There is also the chairperson's special line mobile phone.
Please hire the rich
Xiangbei Longlong Enterprise
You gave it away like this?
Wrong Hengyuan Group is originally a route transportation.
I just manage it on my behalf.
Forget it, please accept it, Mr. Lu
What!
Mr. Lu
For a command
Zhao Jie, a director of Hengyuan
Prepare a new dinner for you
You are not free
I also want to accompany my mother to buy groceries
Then I'll send you
I'm going to do business first
I'll take a taxi back by myself
Mom and Dad, I bought cold dishes and ribs.
Stop
It seems that there is trouble in my house.